# Batbridge 32 v1

This instruction set strictly extends BB32v0, with the following changes.

The v1 architecture features support for an x86 style top down call and data
stack, as well as adding support for both external and software interrupts.

As the logical `call` operation requires pushing the _next_ pc and
branching in a single cycle, hardware support for it is
provided. However, the logical `return` operation requires no
particular support as a user may simply `pop` to the PC. As such no
`ret` instruction is provided although assemblers may provide it as a
mnemonic.

The interrupt system provides nonprioritized, unmaskable interrupts.
As the Batbridge architecture has no concept of address space or of
instruction permission, when an interrupt is recieved, it has the
logical impact of a `call` instruction to a branch target drawn from
the interrupt vector table.

The following interrupts are defined
 - INT0 is the "no handler" interrupt. It occurs only if another
   interrupt was received and no handler for it was found. If an INT0
   is received and there is no handler present, then the machine
   halts.
 - INT1 is the software interrupt
 - INT2 is the timer interrupt
 - All other interrupts are reserved for future hardware use

The interrupt vector pointer, register #28 (0b011010)
 - Points to the base (0 entry) of the interrupt vector table

The stack base pointer, register #27 (0b011100)
 - Points to the "top" of the architectural stack
 - Has no special assignment semantics
 - Updated by the push and pop instructions

The stack frame pointer, register #26 (0b011011)
 - Points to the "base" of the current call stack frame
 - Has no special assignment semantics
 - Updated by the call, return, intr and iret operations

### PUSH
Opcode 0x12

```
010010 aaaaa bbbbb _____ iiiiiiiiiii
```

Pushes the `a` value onto the stack as pointed to by `b`. Decrements
the stack pointer.

### POP
Opcode 0x13

```
010011 ddddd bbbbb _____ iiiiiiiiiii
```

Pops the top value from the stack as pointed to by `b`, storing it to
the targeted register named by `d`. Increments the stack pointer.

### PUSHALL
Opcode 0x14

```
010100 ddddd _____ _____ ___________
```

Pushes all registers except for the PC, the immediate register and the
zero onto the stack as identified by the `d` register in ascending
register ID order, that is first 0 then 1 and soforth.

### POPALL
Opcode 0x15

```
010101 ddddd _____ _____ ___________
```

Pops all registers except for the PC, the immediate and the zero
register from the stack as if they were pushed by `PUSHALL`.

### CALL
Opcode 0x24

```
100100 sssss bbbbb aaaaa iiiiiiiiiii
```

FIXME

### RET
Opcode 0x25

```
100100 sssss bbbbb _____ ___________
```

FIXME

### INTR
Opcode 0x26

```
100101 aaaaa _____ _____ iiiiiiiiiii
```

Generates an interrupt of the value `a` which will be handled in the
next cycle. That is, the instruction following an `INTR` usage will
not be executed until the interrupt handler has returned control.
